#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
adal==1.2.7
    # via msrestazure
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.13.2
    # via azure-cli
applicationinsights==0.11.10
    # via azure-cli-telemetry
argcomplete==3.3.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
azure-appconfiguration==1.1.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-batch==14.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-cli==2.64.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-cli-core==2.64.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-cli-telemetry==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli-core
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-kusto
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
azure-core==1.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-appconfiguration
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-queue
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
    #   django-storages
    #   msrest
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-cosmos==3.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-data-tables==12.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via azure-cli
azure-graphrbac==0.60.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-identity==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-administration==4.4.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.7.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.9.0b3
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-mgmt-advisor==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-apimanagement==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-appconfiguration==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-appcontainers==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-applicationinsights==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-authorization==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-batch==17.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-batchai==7.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-billing==6.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-botservice==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-cdn==12.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices==13.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-compute==33.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==10.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerservice==31.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-core==1.4.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
azure-mgmt-cosmosdb==9.5.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-databoxedge==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-datamigration==10.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-devtestlabs==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-dns==8.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-eventgrid==10.2.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-eventhub==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-extendedlocation==1.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-hdinsight==9.0.0b3
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-imagebuilder==1.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iotcentral==10.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iothub==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-keyvault==10.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-kusto==0.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-loganalytics==13.0.0b4
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-managedservices==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-managementgroups==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-maps==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-media==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-monitor==5.0.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-msi==7.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-netapp==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-policyinsights==1.1.0b4
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-privatedns==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-rdbms==10.2.0b17
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-recoveryservices==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup==9.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift==1.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-redis==14.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-resource==23.1.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-search==9.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-security==6.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicebus==8.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicefabric==2.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters==2.0.0b6
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicelinker==1.2.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-signalr==2.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-sql==4.0.0b17
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine==1.0.0b5
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-storage==21.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-synapse==2.1.0b5
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-web==7.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-monitor-query==1.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-multiapi-storage==1.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-storage-blob==12.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-storages
azure-storage-common==1.4.2
    # via azure-cli
azure-storage-queue==12.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-synapse-accesscontrol==0.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-artifacts==0.19.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints==0.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-spark==0.2.0
    # via azure-cli
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via paramiko
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via azure-cli
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via azure-cli
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-storage-queue
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
decorator==5.1.1
    # via fabric
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   fabric
    #   pygithub
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via django-import-export
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-cli-core
django==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-db-views
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-storages
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   opencensus-ext-django
django-db-views==0.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export[xlsx]==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-leaflet==0.30.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[azure]==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
fabric==3.2.2
    # via azure-cli
google-api-core==2.20.0
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via google-api-core
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via azure-cli-core
idna==3.10
    # via requests
invoke==2.2.0
    # via fabric
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-queue
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   msrest
javaproperties==0.5.2
    # via azure-cli
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
josepy==1.14.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
knack==0.11.0
    # via azure-cli-core
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
msal[broker]==1.30.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-appconfiguration
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-kusto
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4.post1
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-kusto
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
numpy==2.1.1
    # via pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   opencensus-ext-logging
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.13
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-django==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-logging==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-postgresql==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-requests==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via tablib
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
paramiko==3.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   fabric
    #   scp
    #   sshtunnel
pkginfo==1.11.1
    # via azure-cli-core
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-telemetry
    #   msal-extensions
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==5.28.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycomposefile==0.0.31
    # via azure-cli
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygithub==1.59.1
    # via azure-cli
pygments==2.18.0
    # via knack
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   msal
    #   pygithub
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   paramiko
    #   pygithub
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   josepy
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adal
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   knack
    #   pycomposefile
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   google-api-core
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via msrest
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scp==0.13.6
    # via azure-cli
semver==2.13.0
    # via azure-cli
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   django-db-views
    #   isodate
    #   javaproperties
    #   msrestazure
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via django
sshtunnel==0.1.5
    # via azure-cli
tablib[xlsx]==3.5.0
    # via django-import-export
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   knack
timeout-decorator==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-queue
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   requests
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via azure-cli
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via azure-cli
